API-7369: Add support for PAT Authorization (#36)
livechat/lc-sdk-go: changelog.md

# Changelog

### [v2.1.0]

> Authorization
> 
> * added TokenType to Token in order to enable authorization by PAT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added Type to authorization.Token in order to support different authentication schemes (`Bearer` and `Basic`).
```
